
OPCAT Inc.

----------------------------------------
What's New In OPCAT {vesrion} Version
----------------------------------------
NEW - An option to connect any OPM thing to a meta data in the grid. 

NEW - An option to hide a part of project using the Meta-Hide feature. 

NEW - An option to show only a part of project using the Meta-Show feature. 

NEW - The ability to connect Events with Condition Or Enablers in an OR-XOR connection. 

NEW - Ability to connect Object to a Process with a Condition Link. 

NEW - Consistency rule, to prevent connecting two Things which are not consistent if one of them is in-zoomed

NEW - Consistency helper, a new menu to right-click on a Thing. This menu uses consistency rules to generate a report on the global consistency of this thing. 

NEW - Testing View. 

NEW - Insert Roles Action, added support fot getting all the sons of a Role. 

NEW - CSV Edit form.

NEW - "Show In Grid" for OPD's. right-click on an OPD in the tree to show in the grid. 

NEW - sent to back property saved in opz file. 

NEW - support inheritence from meta-libreries and current project

NEW - unfolded diagrems are called "UD" and are kept at level 1 of the tree. 

NEW - OPD numbers are kept constant. and a new menu "Regenerath OPD numbers" under "View" created for regenarating the opd numbers if needed

NEW - Support for Low-Level Processes min-activation-time in testing mode.

NEW - OPCAT directories are now kept in the registery, a restart is needed after install. 

NEW - A hidden backup directory in the root OPCAT directory. This holds one copy of the system before the last save. 

NEW - Testing mode now supports running when windows are not in full screen. this enables the animation to be viewed in more then one OPD at a time. 

NEW - Objects inside zoomed-in Object are treated as connected to the parent by aggragation relation. 

NEW - Processes inside zoomed-in Object are treated as connected to the parent by exhibition relation.

NEW - Objects inside zoomed-in Process are treated as connected to the parent by exhibition relation. 

NEW - Processes inside zoomed-in Process are treated as connected to the parent by aggragation relation.

NEW - Last opened files remains after OPCAT install. 

NEW - Unfolding properties dialog. 

CHANGE - Testing Mode does not open windows in full screen but uses parent OPD size

CHANGE - States are auto-arranged in new objects untill the first time a dragging of a state is preformed. 

CHANGE - The analyze Meta-Tag report has been changed and include more information on the conected things from the same Meta-Data file. 

CHANGE - Color of a Meta-Tag is presented in the Grid. 

CHANGE - connecting a condition or an instrument from a state to a process the "state is not a result" message should not appear if the state is "Initial"

CHANGE - Tree numbering is kept after SD addition. 

CHANGE - Events in Animation are not considered stopping conditions. 

BUG - Quit was possiable during file save which could result in corrupted opz file 

BUG - Close all grid panels upon exit or close. 

BUG - Things could be outside OPD drowing area. 

BUG - When copy an incomplete set of things Paste would fail. 

BUG - Removing a meta-model would keep it in the list with null path. 

BUG - In Analyze Meta-Data tag, when the tag had a link connected to it an error occured. 

BUG - Search dialog whould keep search results.

BUG - new links created when copy, inzoome or dragging links. 

BUG - when openning opcat by dbl-clicking on a model the Meta-Tag icon would not apear

BUG - While loading CSV files if rows had incomplete data the load would fail. 

BUG - Sort in the first column of the Grid would fail for String ID's. 

BUG - Testing mode would not start sometimes. 

BUG - when adding a thing to the first SD all things would stay selected. 

BUG - when margeing Things with states, merge would fail. 

BUG - Project summary would fail if a real URL exists in a thing. 

KNOWN BUG - Testing mode would get 100% CPU.								Work Around - Closing of the project and reopening it is a must. 
KNOWN BUG - Numbering of OPD's. 											Work Around - if numbers get corrupted use re-number from edit menu. 
KNOWN BUG - Problem when dragging a link from object to his internal State. Work Around - deleting the link and creating again from the state. 

----------------------------------------
What's New In OPCAT 2.86 Version
----------------------------------------

NEW - Lifespan Diagram, in testing mode display things life cycle. 

NEW - Metadata Analyze report, shows the connections of the metadata connected items.

NEW - Browse Keys, Back,Up,Forward. 

NEW - Outlook style views.

NEW - When inserting a thing via the Meta View, user is asked if to keep the link alive (as a role). 

NEW - Summary report on a project. invoke by mouse left click on tree node.

NEW - Project Type field. set it in the project properties tab. influences the metaview. Meta View is divided into sub catagories using this field.

NEW - Insert Roles Menu in OPD right-click. Inserts all the things connected to a role to the current OPD at left-top. 

NEW - In Testing (old Animation), Objects states could be set Initial or Final using a new Objects Tab during Testing Planing. 

NEW - Complete Scenarios could be saved and loaded using the right menu. 

NEW - Compare Scenarios report for diff between scenarios. 

NEW - Support MetaData types other the Req. the imported CSV file should have:
        First Line -    Type (Tasks, Req)
       sSeconed Line -  Header names
        Rest -          Data. (no empty field should exist)

NEW - Export the Grid as CSV or XML. 

NEW - Report to user when trying to copy nonconsistent set of things. like trying to copy a non connected link. 

NEW - a Thing could become a generic Thing, which can not be zoomed-in as it has a Role and is Env. In Order to support generic function calling.

NEW - Import a CSV Things file (For Bank Poalim) 

NEW - Multi Connecting selected things When connecting Things with Structural Links

NEW - Generic Things can not be zommed-in or unfolded. 

NEW - MetaData Analsis Report, invoked from the right-mouse menu

NEW - Support for Level field in imported metadata libraries. 

NEW - Coloring the project for each level in a metadata csv file. 

NEW - Coloring the project for each role in a metadata librery. 

NEW - in testing mode, if an object has a final state, the final state is activated when object is destroyed

NEW - releative path is saved in connectd meta data libreries. 


CHANGE - Rewrite of the Cut-Paste Action, Solved Consistency bugs and Improve speed by 100%.
CHANGE - Sort Roles in Thing Properties Dialog by A-B Order. 
CHANGE - Unmark Autoarrange States as defualt when creating objects. 
CHANGE - Removed "If the object name ends with ing"... mesg when creating a new object. 
CHANGE - Fix OPL sentence when object got only one state.

BUG - Minimum size of the Grid could be 0. Now the user could make the Grid tab any size. 
BUG - When using the Consistency helper Objects where created with wrong attributes. 
BUG - Merga things which are connected to a State would fail. 
BUG - Cut-Paste, if not used correctly, could couse inconsistency in the project. (solved by the rewrite, see changed above)
BUG - Opd tree did not refrash after OPD delete. 
BUG - Dbl-Click on a header row in a group-by Grid would couse error. 
BUG - Copy of an Unfolded Object would not connect the unfolded OPD to the new instance. 
BUG - Unfolding will always ask about bringing related things. 
BUG - After search a Thing color would stay red. 
BUG - Drowing area will not fit to internal components when paste. 
BUG - Search would return 0 results if Instances Tab is displayed.
BUG - state would not keep visible status on COPY of objects.
BUG - capatilize first letters in things description. 
BUG - Testing mode had to be started twice in some cases. 
BUG - deleting an Object was not allowed if the object had an unfolded OPD



----------------------------------------
What's New In OPCAT 2.85 Version
----------------------------------------

				 
NEW - Views, 
		OPCAT navigation left pane was rearranged. 
		The Opd-Things tab was removed and replaced by the Views. There are three Views. The "OPD" 
		view (the old Opd tab), The "OPD-Things" view (the old OPD-Things tab) and a new "Things" view. The
		"Things" view shows all the things in the project arranged alphbetically. 
		New actions on the views - in the OPD-Things view a copy of a Thing to the OPD was added by pressing 
		the right-mouse click on the Thing to be copied. 
		
		Things View - right mouse click on a Thing brings the new Things view menu. In this menu you can Copy, Delete,
		View Thing Instances, In Zoom and Unfold a thing. 
		When View Instances is pressed (or dbl-click on a thing) all instances of the Thing are 
		presented in the tools grid, dbl-click on an instance will show this instance (same as the search mechanism). 
		
NEW - Merge Things in the "Things" View on the left pane,
		Drop a Thing on another Thing will merge the dropped Thing into the target Thing. This is extremely helpful to eliminate
		Things redundancies after importing a diagram.  
	  	There is small BUG here, you can not drag the current node. i.e. when you want to drag a node, first click on a different 
	  	node to make it current and then start dragging the needed node. 		
	  
NEW - New Thing right-click Menu item, "Show Instances". Pressing right click on a Thing will shows all instances of the Thing.
		The results will appear in the Grid.

NEW - Consistency Rule, 
		Adding - adding an instrument or condition link from state to process will check that 
			 the designed system's operation will reach this state during at least one of the operation's scenarios. 
			 if not then a warning is issued.
			 
NEW - When Creating a document OPL files of each OPD are created.

NEW - Export as CSV (Elta File)

NEW - Requirements subsystem,  csv files are supported as input.

NEW - Features restrictions. OPCAT could enable or disable the CSV and Requirements feature by customer.

NEW - Copy format tool. enable a user to copy the format of a selected Process or Object to another Thing. 

NEW - Meta Library View. A new view in which the Project Meta Libraries could be used as Pattrens in order to make the implemantation Model
	 

CHANGED - java 5.0 code changes
CHANGED - Linux compatibility fixed. OPCAT runs on Linux as MS Windows. 
CHANGED - When creating a document. The name of the inner files are syncronized with the thing name.
CHANGED - When loading a currupt file, loading will continue and load all the non currupt sections. 

BUG - No "SAVE Or NOT" quastion after doing a merga.
BUG - Search when there is a thing in the clipboard fail or will show one item.		
BUG - when you try to copy a link, OPCAT goes out of focus and you can not copy, delete or any edit action. (BUG 0000119)
BUG - Meta libs could not remove a connection to a Role after a saved file loaded again. 
BUG - Fix dbl-Click on the Grid when data is filtered, sorted or grouped. 
BUG - No "SAVE Or NOT" quastion after loading a new Meta Library
BUG - No "SAVE Or NOT" quastion after changing project preperties.
BUG - No "SAVE Or NOT" quastion after doing an Import Action.



----------------------------------------
What's New In OPCAT Version Version 2.8
----------------------------------------

NEW - Consistency Framework. At the moment 4 consistency rules are implemented - 
		Deleting - 	deleting an instance. 
		Adding   - 	adding a Thing inside a zoomed-in Process. The added thing could be placed in each OPD of the 
					zoomed-in process
		Adding   - 	adding a thing in the SD. The added thing could be placed in any OPD in which a thing in th eSD appeares.
		Adding   -	adding a thing outside a zoomed-in Process. The added thing could be added to each OPD in which the zoomed-in
					process resides. 
	
	The user can turn off the checking when adding a thing by choosing the new "Addintion Helper" 
	"Off" radio button in the general tab of thing adding. 
NEW - Animation of Things URL if the url ends with bmp,jpg or jpeg. 	

CHANGED - Improved Animation logging to log more errors. 
CHANGED - Improved thing size when paste into a zoomed-in thing

BUG - When Unfolding or Paste, Things could go outside screen border. 



----------------------------------------
What's New In OPCAT Version Version 2.76
----------------------------------------

NEW - Ask User When Adding a Link (Only if there are more than one occurence of the source-destination) 
NEW - Animation events Logging
NEW - Ask User when deleteing a Thing (Only if there is more than one occurence
NEW - OPCAT Grid to replace the extension tools panel (used for now in the animation logging). 
NEW - Search
NEW - OPD List in generated documents (with a link to the picture if present)

CHANGED - New additions to the OPCAT II API (Debug window).
CHANGED - Removed forcing the first letter to be capital. 

Bug fixes
---------
BUG - Animation could be inconsistent between runs. 
BUG - Animation Could not handle Events links.
BUG - Cut did not copy all of Process settings.
BUG - Import did not copy all of Process settings.
BUG - Import caused links and states change in location in reference to the original
BUG - CUT did not paste at the cursor when paste inside zoomed-in things. 




----------------------------------------
What's New In OPCAT Version Version 2.75
----------------------------------------
NEW - Description field in objects
NEW - Cut and Paste - The CUT Or Copy in OPCAT II does not check the validity of the new 
model created by this edit operation, validity checks are planned in future releases. 

CHANGED - removal of the index page from objects
CHANGED - description tab name changed to detail. 
CHANGED - black reuse was removed.
CHANGED - import help. 
CHANGED - internal behavior of menu and mouse actions to be faster and safer.

Bug fixes
---------
BUG - Import faster by 80%.
BUG - Import changes the imported project graphics layout.
BUG - Copy does not work correctly with Keyboard.
BUG - URL invocation with empty string. 
BUG - Caps in first letters of the URL string. 
BUG - Import saves imported file without warnning after import. 


----------------------------------------
What's New In OPCAT Version Version 2.74
----------------------------------------
NEW - URL feature to objects and process - The URL is entered in the URL textbox at the details tag of the thing properties dialog. 
When the mouse is dragged on a Thing which has a URL defined the border color changes to red and a tooltip "Control-LeftMouse" appears.
In Order to activate the URL, press Control+Left Mousr button. 



----------------------------------------
What's New In OPCAT Version Version 2.73
----------------------------------------
Initial Commercial release. 